338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_using_parallel_copy.md

<Procedure>

> ### Restoring data into a Tiger Cloud service with timescaledb-parallel-copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restoring data into a $SERVICE_LONG with timescaledb-parallel-copy
```
